ninety-three bubble candy on sixes six
is right there looking real right on
justin.tv a little bit see the Sun is on
it got the coach suede white leather man
today coach all throughout screen little
leather backs on him suede on the seats
and all that man
Skupin s he got the six coaxials six six
inches you want six and a half little
Chevy fiberglass window you know man
it's just real clean on him had to had
to flip down and then head take that out
when I redid the headliner it's too
heavy and I got that pioneer XIII in the
- the real lovely I'm about to get the
digital - Bobby next year we do the
steering wheel fiberglass panels check
out the fiberglass on the doors with the
sixes join us light up in Knights real
clean I mean see they got the coach
ghost in the paint candy we can't call
right here
I'm a fittings right there and joins be
too tight brown on its flow masses on it
is definitely got the flow
it's clean it's kind of bright out here
in Hawaii I mean 80 degrees ever older
the twinkle on them sixes and he's
anything brand-new I'll just keep him
well clean get you a good look at that
paint paint is dumb wet
but the ng grill on there killing them
so softly this is crazy okay a good look
my smaller baby right there I want to
cut this big red right there and RAM
sitting on them thingies
keep that tuck that's the work truck
right there I mean just a little toy
clean will let y'all hit that beat
ain't cha ok bye oh but still early out
here in a while
I'm sorry y'all better look at that
paint clean it is the sun is shining
back window
real clean real real nice elegant we get
the backup camera on this joint not my
joint off its I get that fix knock some
candy off a tear - it's gonna work
huh
I'm good with six enjoying upgrading to
8 to 30s and then like that I'm good
with these this for sale - man if y'all
want to get him in ha let me get that
I'm all video of
let me get your - huh like the whole
thing like everything is done that's the
sweet coach and a little bit more sweet
on that side get happy man has some
suggestions man what I should do what I
normally do the engine my stroke it out
of the Sun some headers on air get a
little more humble fried change the the
flowmasters it's fine it's gonna be
right though gotta see me again